I decided to also include the following information about myself as of today (in the format of an interview)...

What is your name?

Kar Beringer, but my legal name is Karlina Ray Beringer (and my online brand name is karbytes).

Practically speaking, I'm karbytes.

What is your age?

I am 33 years old (and I was born on 13_JANUARY_1990).

Practically speaking, I'm a millenial.

What is your gender?

Non-binary (but legally I am female (and internally I identify as "masculine side of androgynous" and, if it is logistically and legally possible for me to so so, I take testosterone regularly to help make my internal gender identity more externally apparent)).

Practically speaking, I'm a man.

What is your sexual orientation?

Pansexual (i.e. potentially attracted to people of any gender, sex, or daresay species) but at this time in my life I feel more asexual and choose to be celibate. In all honesty, if I am sexually attracted to any person at all, it is mostly because I am infatuated by that person's intellect and personality and not nearly as much because of their body characteristics (which means I am basically sapiosexual).

Practically speaking, I'm asexual.

What is your race?

I am a human whose genes are approximately 60% Caucasian and 40% Filipino.

Practically speaking, I'm white.

What is your religion?

I am non religious but deeply philosophical and science oriented. It could be said that my worldview is fundamentally panpsychic (which means that I believe all of reality is comprised of consciousness and contained within one ubiquitous and immortal mind).

Practically speaking, I'm an atheist.

Where do you live?

I live in Castro Valley, California but hang out in various parts of the San Francisco Bay Area so that I don't get too bored of one location. I live out of a backpack and typically take my bicycle everywhere and travel by BART train.

Practically speaking, I live in Castro Valley.

What is your occupation?

I work in general labor jobs (particularly in logistics in warehouse settings).

Practically speaking, I'm a package handler.

What is your college major or academic focus?

Computer science (but I also enjoy studying philosophy, physics, mathematics, and chemistry).

Practically speaking, I'm a computer science major.

What is your political affiliation?

Green Party of the United States (though I think I behave and present myself as though I am apolitical and apathetic to political and cultural affairs).

Practically speaking, I'm a libertarian.

What is your relationship status?

Single (and voluntarily single for the rest of my life). 

Practically speaking, I'm a loner.

What is your marital status?

Single and never previously married.

Practically speaking, I'm single.

Do you have children?

No (and I do not want any children).

Practically speaking, I'm child-free.

Do you have any pets?

No (but I am friends with my parents' cats).

Practically speaking, I'm pet-free.

Do you live alone or with other people?

Legally I live at a household which includes multiple people including my parents and a non relative named Steve. In practice, I spend almost all my time outside my house of legal residence as a vagrant (but I do take showers regularly and wash my clothes often enough to look and smell presentable in the presence of other humans).

Practically speaking, I live alone.

What is your income level?

Below the poverty line and pretty much spending as much money as I receive in the form of donations or paychecks.

Practically speaking, I'm poor working-class.

Are you currently employed?

No, but I expect to have another logistics job by the end of this year.

Practically speaking, I'm underemployed.

Do you have any friends?

Not really.

Practically speaking, I'm friendless.

Do you have any mental illness?

No (but I have been labeled as bipolar or as autistic by some people). I consider myself to be a neurotypical of average intelligence; neither genius nor retarded.

Practically speaking, I'm normal.

Do you have any hobbies?

Yes. I enjoy blogging, reading the news and random Internet articles, computer programming (to make tiny software applications for educational and recreational purposes), studying science and math at my own pace using Internet resources, bicycling, hiking, camping, doing psychedelics and marijuana, and meditating using a technique called "do nothing" which involves me allowing my mind to come up with whatever thoughts it wants to while my body is relatively inert.

Practically speaking, I'm a nerd.
