I believe that AJP has been stalking and harassing me since 13_FEBRUARY_2019 via "technological telepathy" and is is a government agent and has many people (including police) working on his behalf. I believe that AJP has been trying to use coercive, deceptive, and arguably abusive tactics to try to control my thought and behavior for his benefit and to my detriment. I think he is trying to "get rid of me" by driving me insane or coercing me into doing things which are self destructive so that I end up incarcerated or simply too incapacitated by intense suffering to do anything than the bare minimum to survive. AJP may trying to do those things for at least one of the following reasons: (a) for sadistic amusement gleaned from using me as a scapegoat for his torture fetishes, (b) for stress relief gleaned from using me as a scapegoat to take on his suffering as a means to make himself feel less alone in his own suffering and as a means to distract himself from his own suffering, (c) to render me disabled in ways which ensure that I will not be competing with him in what he considers to be his domains of interest and expertise, (d) to punitively discourage me for having qualities or assets which he is envious of me for having, (e) to use negative reinforcement as a means to deter me from contacting him or otherwise calling attention to his existence so that I do not get in his way ever again, or (f) to use negative reinforcement (with some intermittent positive reinforcement) as a means to groom me to be the kind of partner or assistant he wants.

I believe that other people are aware of what I said in the previous paragraph but are unwilling to overtly make it known to me that such people know. I also believe that other people are aware of what I said in the previous paragraph but side with AJP against me. I think that many (if not most) people would automatically be more sympathetic to AJP than to me because AJP seems to be more culturally normal than I am. AJP also happens to have more advanced professional, academic, and social credentials than what I have (which means that he likely has more ethos than what I have when it comes to being persuasive with the general public). Finally, it could be that AJP and his allies are effectively censoring me (including possibly "shadow banning" my online content) such that other people are prevented from accessing the content I publish and other people might be accessing content which is falsely attributed to being created or condoned by me.

Because I think law enforcement and the general public is likely to side with AJP and to assist AJP in achieving his ends which are intended to sabotage me or else condition me to comply with AJP's wishes, I do not intend to ask for help from people other than myself unless I am in immediate physical danger (which is something I think is an extremely rare situation). I intend to keep to myself as much as possible but not to the extent that I censor myself from publishing content on my personal websites. I try my best to not take up too much of anynone's time, attention, money, or any other resources. In other words, I try to burden other people as little as possible (but not in ways which I think are detrimental to myself). For instance, I am unwilling to relinquish my freedom of speech nor to forsake my highest priority personal goals.

From this day forward, I intend to never contact AJP again. I will not return his phone calls, text messages, or email messages. I will avoid going to places where I think he is likely to be present. If he approaches me physically, I will do my best to keep such an interaction brief and cordial while saying that I am not available to "hang out" that day (and then quickly leave the premises and not get back to him). I will treat him like someone the police and others will likely side with. Hence, I will not bother calling 911 on him nor filing a restraining order against him (and that is also because I do not want to be what I consider to be melodramatic and victim-y).

It could be that AJP is angry at me for publishing content about him online (especially content which might be damaging to his reputation). I refuse to remove any content which I have published about him from my personal websites nor Internet based repositories. I consider those to be valuable historical evidence for helping me keep track of my own personal development and experiences.

It could be that AJP thinks that I am unable to properly take care of myself or unable to make adequate progress towards my vocational and academic goals without his assitance. I think I am doing just fine without AJP's assistance. I do not feel that I need that person in my life. In the past I did benefit from being intellectually influenced by AJP and from AJP investing in me in other ways such as allowing me to spend the night with him occasionally, partake in drug use with him, watch movies with him, have sexual relations with him, go on roadtrips with him, and hang out with him and his friends. I do not believe that I should "pay" him back for any of those favors because I was under the impression that such favors were provided to me without expectation that I would compensate in any way. In other words, I argue that any benefits which I obtained as a result of AJP's influence were given to me in a manner which appeared to me to be "with no strings attached".

Lastly, though I do not intend to physically hurt any person (unless the person physically corners me and threatens to immediately physically harm me), I do admit to feeling relief at the thought of AJP being dead (which means I heartily condone him committing suicide). I do not wish to commit suicide. I have plenty of things I want to do with my life and I intend to do them to the best of my ability. I am not trying to use any person's behavior or existence as an excuse to not make more substantial progress towards my goals.
