What I could not help but notice a lot recently (especially today) is lots of teenage and preteen boys riding around on bicycles by themselves. 

There is something (which I think is related) which I neglected to include in this journal entry until now: earlier today when I called my mom on the phone in order to ask her for money to purchase a new phone, she did not pick up the phone when I called her cell phone several times and her house phone once. She only answered the phone when I called my dad's cell phone. Lately, whenever I talked to my mom on the phone (in order to ask her for money to pay my phone bill), she didn't seem interested in asking me about anything other than how me and my dad are getting along (which I have long suspected that I am in a forced covert emotional incest situation (and that the situation exists in part to force me to move out quickly and take whatever job I can so that my dad can finally get around to enjoying his life without me in it)). It seems like all that matters is pleasing the patriarchy (particularly old white males). The only other thing my mom (and dad) seem to initaite and perpetuate conversations about with me are about how they have food to give me. They treat me like I deserve to be reduced to a talking (sedentary) dog; an animal with no interests other than whoever lives in its household and food. Apparently I do not deserve to have intellectual nor atheletic pastimes; just eating, sleeping, and hanging out in the living room idly. I apparently am supposed to be deprived of the mental capacity and personal space to even read a book. If it goes against the patriarchy, then it is decidedly implicitly off limits to me (and I have yet to see anyone seriously mention this nor show concern about this matter other than myself).

I think my mom has enough cash to help me buy a bicycle but she would rather not admit it because she does not want me to have such an easy time getting around without being so dependent on money from that point onward. I also think the patriarchy is generally opposed to a female-bodied human such as myself having that much fun and freedom which comes from owning a bike and having time to ride it around and enjoy the long summer days and nice weather. I have long suspected that people do not like how much gratification riding my bicycle has given me and how I could never get enough gloating about how much value such a seemingly simple device gave me. I think that some chauvinist men in my life got jealous of how much fun I was having with a bike instead of with a man. Recently, one of those men kept insinuating that I cannot have hobbies, interests, and fun without a boyfriend. A lot of women and girls seem to agree and, when they talk (like right now), they keep making monotonous nagging shrill sounds about how I am not supposed to show off and how I am supposed to be obsessively preoccupied with my physical appearance like they are. 

Anyway, I am about a mile away from home. I think I will make it there before 7PM. 8PM is when the AT&T hotline supposedly closes.

One more thing before I head up the hill: <span style="background:#00ff00">I noticed that zero people have becoming patrons to my Patreon account. I also noticed that the only person who has donated money to my PayPal account (accept for my housemate Steve one time and it was the token amount of $3 which I asked everyone on my social network for) is my mother. I am not sure why so few people have been (seemingly) unwilling to show me any support nor direct, specific feedback about my websites. One of my suspicions is that law enforcement or non governmental hackers have been intercepting communications and incoming donations from me in order to skew my perception of reality and to make me feel more ignored and less supported than I actually am. An arguably worse suspicioin I have is that almost no one seriously thinks I deserve that kind of support.</span> Oh well. I would rather keep focusing on what I do seem to have control over (and what I most care about). It could be that I will not get more support from other people until I show less interest in doing what I just described and, instead, act more needy for and interested in the involvement of other people. Fuck that. I would rather not beg for support from people if they withhold it from me with the intent to discourage my ambition and independence of mind (or even because such people think that I am too mentally fragile to handle their honest feedback).

<hr>

I noticed a girl who I think is in her early twenties with light blonde hair living in her car which is parked near my house and where I used to also "live" in my car back in early 2019 when I first started hearing the voices which seem to be responding directly and in real time to the contents of my mind. Back then, I used to sit in my mom's Toyota Matrix and listen to downloaded audio versions of videos from Actualized dot Org and read passages of books like In The Age of Surveillance Capitalism and The Holographic Universe. I also used to draw pictures and have a rather pleasant time. Without that car to live in, life for me has gone from feeling relatively "first world" priveledged to relatively "third world" squalor filled and devoid of real refuge for me. Nevertheless, I have felt morally obligated to stay car free until I buy my own (electric) car someday (which may or may not ever happen). Anyway...

I cannot help but feel a bit dismayed at how behind I am on my career and lifestyle goals and how it may be largely due to SED's intrusive involvement in my life. Before I agreed to be his intimate partner, I was planning on getting an associate's degree in Chemistry from Chabot College and quickly after that getting a job as a lab technician. I even considered doing a two-year nursing program to get what I thought would be a stable and in-demand job and which I thought would be a good use of my interest and aptitude for biology and science in general (and I would have done those things even while continuing to take testorone which I started in early 2009 and while using the name Karl instead of the more gender-ambiguous name Kar as I have been during the past six months). I allowed SED to convince me to stop taking the testosterone and to stop identifying as Karl (which I admittedly regret in hindsight because my life went downhill after that in many ways). I also allowed SED to convince me to switch my major to computer science instead of nursing and/or chemistry because he told me that what I was studying was lacking in intellectual rigor and also quite bitchy. (SED eventually started cheating on me and quickly started a new relationship with a girl from Maine during and after we parted). Anyway...

I figured that it would take me approximately a month of deligent saving and careful money management to save up enough money to order a pre-assembled bicycle from Amazon (including the cost of shipping). During this time, I thought that, in addition to finalizing Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com, I could also get some of my most disturbing fears addressed (though I think I might have already done that). Just to be clear, the following are some of my top fears:

1. Becoming blind.

2. Becoming severely crippled to the extent that I would need to be helplessly dependent on a caregiver for meeting my basic needs and such that I had little control over my life.

(The two fears above also include the worry that there would be people in my life who rejoice in my entrapment, humiliation, and deprivation of what I essentially live for. As I write this note now, people across the street are slowly walking by (a woman lead by a man) saying some things at me like I need to stop worrying about myself so much. Now some women keep interjecting in a nonchalant tone with words as though they are impatiently trying to finish my senetences for me such as, "You just don't wanna be trapped with your dad." Those two white women are walking their golden retriever dog).

3. Becoming incarcerated or held hostage (especially for a long period of time such that I essentially miss out on life in ways which are essentially as bad as the first two fears).

(Notice that my fears are not about social rejection nor loneliness nor harm coming to "significant others" in my life? That is because I am very self-centered and hermit-like. <span style="background:#ffff00">What I value most about existence is autonomy and creative and intellectual achievement.</span> I can tell many people take issue with that. Those other people think that I do not value other people enough and do not base enough of my life's meaning on being in relationship with other humans).

4. Having my intellectual property tampered with or destroyed.

(Having my physical property tampered with or destroyed is also pretty bad, but such things are replaceable and not things I consider to be the sole proprietor of. What would bother me most about having my physical posessions such as a bicycle or laptop or phone stolen from me or damaged is becoming relatively crippled without such tools. Notice this all pertains to the preservation of my autonomy and ability to acheive my intellectual and creative goals).

5. Suffering excrutiatingly painful experiences (especially ones which go on for longer than a day).

(I am not as worried about suffering as I am about the other fears I mentioned because I already have proven to myself that I am quite capable of stoically putting up with excrutiating and seemingly endless sources of suffering. I think that fear # 5 would be higher on the list than the other fears I enumerated are for most other people. I have  a hunch that most people are not as worried about losing autonomy or not achieving their intellectual or creative goals as they are experiencing pain. I think that such people also feel that they have little untapped intellectual and creative potential to utilize and, hence, such people are more comfortable than I am resigning themselves to being mere consumers and "basic bitches").

<hr>

I just got home, but as soon as I plugged my laptop into the patio electrical outlet (which I need to do because all of my batteries are low and my laptop does not stay connected to the house Wi-Fi from any other location of the house without being tethered to a phone) the laptop stopped charging (even though I just reset that circuit). I noticed that only my dad is home right now. I think he might be sitting in his room turning the switch off just to fuck with me. After I back this note up to the public web as Draft.txt, I will try to set up my new phone.

<hr>

I just scarfed down some meditaranien food which my mother brought over from when she went to Berkeley from a restaurant I fondly remember going to when I was "richer". What was a bit disturbing was how my dad apparently ate most of the pita bread which came with my meal and left a bag containing only one of those pieces on the table as if to make me feel even more violated and abused so that I would feel extremely unhappy living here and, hence, rush to get a job with more urgently than what I am currently demonstrating; enough urgency to drive the damned car. No. I am not going to act that oppressed.

Speaking of feeling oppressed, while I was scarfing down that food and appreciating it (because I am a foodie who greatly appreciates gourmet food), I imagined being very skinny, angry, and malnourished as a result of growing up in or "marrying into" the ghetto where I would have nothing but gross ghetto food to eat. I imagine that I would dream of food and wake up to see a relatively empty pantry. I imagine that I would be forced to dance like a prostitute just to get some bread. I cannot see how I would end up in such abysmal circunstances unless I had to live with some partner from those regions as a result of losing the right to live at my current residence. 

(I just called the AT&T customer service center and the automated glib female voice said that they are closed because they recently adjusted their hours. Then the voice said that I could use the automated service to activate my new phone. Then it asked me to enter my phone number and whether or not I would be using a new SIM card number. When I said yes it said that I would have to wait until a human customer service representative is available to take my call. The voice said that the customer service center is open from 9AM to 9PM Eastern Standard Time. Such information is not listed on their website. That's the ghetto for you. They seem to normalize such underachievement because they seem to only do the bare minimum to pay their own bills and avoid getting in trouble).

<hr>

Before I got "betrayed" by AT&T, I thought about adding a paragraph to this journal entry about how I cannot help but feel a lot of respect for old white men (as favoritist as that sounds) because I cannot help but feel that I am very much like an old white man on the inside and I romanticize growing up in the 1950s as a white man. I do not mean to be racist, sexist, nor to pigeonhole people into overly generalized categorized based on relatively superficial characteristics, but I cannot deny these thoughts and feelings I have which I think were instilled in me from a very young age. Though I am all for becoming more inclusive and egalitarian and eradicating systemic discrimination which marginalizes people based on pejorative stereotpes, I also cannot help but feel even more resistance towards cultish radical agendas to reform me such that I am forced to use language and thought patterns which are "politically correct" instead of what feels more comfortable and familiar for me. I have had nightmarish experiences which essentially felt like being abducted by poor non-white people who wanted to shame me and abuse me into being more assimilated and supportive of their "anti-racist" agenda. While their efforts have helped to make me sligthly less racist, I honestly feel that their efforts were largely in vain and even backfired. Rather than threaten me with physical violence and other coercive and abusive tactics, I think they should have tried to assimilate more to my preferred culture (which is admittedly "color blind" and "gender blind" and which is very Scandinavian, science-promoting, secular, and culturally liberal).

I think that is all I will say for now. I do not like having to keep open up the same journal entry web page too many times to make an update because it feels like ripping a scab off of a healing wound. Perhaps I should proceed as though I already got my phone set up so that I do not have to mention it again and so that I can proceed with things which are not so basic compared to what I really feel I should be focusing on by now.

<hr>

<hr>

One last thing: I called my mom on the landline phone of my dad's house while sitting in the patio area (and Brea is still there now resting in bread loaf position). I told her I bought a phone today but I was not able to get it set up because the call center closed and that I ate the Meditaraneon food which she brought over in a leftovers container for me with my name on it. My mom said she was glad I liked it and that she was in Berkeley recently to buy some presents for my nephew who is turning ten years old soon. My mom also asked if I wanted to come over to visit her and her dad and I said that I would (and she said she was not home home at the moment and, tomorrow, would be going to the Castro Valley library to attend a live music performance). I said that I would try to visit her soon. A while ago my mom said that my brother is coming up from Los Angeles to visit in July. My mom asked how my job searching is going. She asked me if I thought about applying for online jobs. I told her I did not think I would be qualified for those jobs because the ones I saw listed required that applicants have several years of experience and that, if I applied myself, I might be able to make my resume more up to date looking to get a decent job like that. I said that, for now, I see promising prospects in Fremont in manufactuering roles. I also said that a bicycle would help a lot. My mom said that she would be able to help me get a bike but would have to move some money around and said that the soonest she could wire me money via PayPal (which she said she does via credit card) is tomorrow. That's cool. It looks like I am getting to be on more communicative terms with my mom these days. I do want to get along with my parents (and everyone else in my family and community in general) and to not have regrets. I would regret being on bad terms with the people in my life I consider to be closest to me (my parents especially) and not getting to say goodbye to them if they pass away. I think about death a lot; several times per hour every day. Anyone could suddenly and unexpectedly die. That's why I think it is important to try to get along with everyone because each interaction you have with them could be the last time you interact with them. Well, I figured that I might as well move on with my blog and focus on Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com and other subject matter for a while. I do plan to get a job within the next three months. I am sorry for taking so long, but I think I really needed this time off from working to get my affairs in order because, once I am all done with that (and I think I am more than 90% done with that), working will be so much easier.

So in summary: I am going to let bygones be bygones and forgive everyone (myself included) for past transgressions. What about future transgressions? I will try to forgive future transgressions as quickly as possible to. I cannot help but get angry when I feel that my autonomy or other values are being threatened, but after some time passes (even if the transgressions do not cease), I typically adapt by becoming less angry and more understanding of the transgressor's motives and the overall context in which interpersonal conflicts happen. <span style="background:#ffff00">The worst of what I fear about the future is not deliberately human caused. What I mean to say is that I am not really concerned about getting into battles with other people because I am generally a very conflict-avoidant and peaceful person. I am very anxious, however. I cannot help but worry about things falling apart which I care about or making mistakes which end up costing me and others dearly. So the only real negative emotions I feel on a regular basis to a significant extent is performance-related anxiety and catastrophizing about all the thing which could go wrong which even the best planning and perfectionistic efforts cannot seemingly prevent.</span>

One thing which is slightly cheering me up is the fact that Brea is nearby after I just fed her some wet canned food. She is sitting near the patio observing something in the distance and her overall environment and licking herself intermittently. Well, I was right that it would take me two days to get my phone back up and running. Because people expect me to feel trapped here, I am strongly considering going somewhere else with Wi-Fi access to work on my laptop.
